README.md, before:

# Udacity Android Developer Nanodegree

## Baking App Project

Signed APK file located in:  
Install on android device or emulator to run. 

API key has been saved in properties.gradle which has not been committed. In order to run project enter your API key in the app gradle file in the API_KEY Variable in the buildConfigField method under defaultConfig .


## Project Overview
You will productionize an app, taking it from a functional state to a production-ready state. This will involve finding and handling error cases, adding accessibility features, allowing for localization, adding a widget, and adding a library.

## App Description
Your task is to create a Android Baking App that will allow Udacity’s resident baker-in-chief, Miriam, to share her recipes with the world. You will create an app that will allow a user to select a recipe and see video-guided steps for how to complete it.
   
The recipe listing is located [here](http://go.udacity.com/android-baking-app-json) and the app rubric [here.](https://review.udacity.com/#!/rubrics/829/view)

App mockups [provided.](https://d17h27t6h515a5.cloudfront.net/topher/2017/March/58dee986_bakingapp-mocks/bakingapp-mocks.pdf)
   
The JSON file contains the recipes' instructions, ingredients, videos and images you will need to complete this project. Don’t assume that all steps of the recipe have a video. Some may have a video, an image, or no visual media at all.
   
One of the skills you will demonstrate in this project is how to handle unexpected input in your data -- professional developers often cannot expect polished JSON data when building an app.

## Third Part Libraries used

[ExoPlayer](https://github.com/google/ExoPlayer)

[Picasso](http://square.github.io/picasso/)

[Firebase Analytics](https://firebase.google.com/products/analytics/)

Commit message:

Finished as per requirements.
Signed-off-by: Neco Horne <necohorne@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# Udacity Android Developer Nanodegree

## Baking App Project

Signed APK file located in:  
Install on android device or emulator to run. 

API key has been saved in properties.gradle which has not been committed. In order to run project enter your API key in the app gradle file in the API_KEY Variable in the buildConfigField method under defaultConfig .


## Project Overview
You will productionize an app, taking it from a functional state to a production-ready state. This will involve finding and handling error cases, adding accessibility features, allowing for localization, adding a widget, and adding a library.

## App Description
Your task is to create a Android Baking App that will allow Udacity’s resident baker-in-chief, Miriam, to share her recipes with the world. You will create an app that will allow a user to select a recipe and see video-guided steps for how to complete it.
   
The recipe listing is located [here](http://go.udacity.com/android-baking-app-json).

App mockups [provided.](https://d17h27t6h515a5.cloudfront.net/topher/2017/March/58dee986_bakingapp-mocks/bakingapp-mocks.pdf)
   
The JSON file contains the recipes' instructions, ingredients, videos and images you will need to complete this project. Don’t assume that all steps of the recipe have a video. Some may have a video, an image, or no visual media at all.
   
One of the skills you will demonstrate in this project is how to handle unexpected input in your data -- professional developers often cannot expect polished JSON data when building an app.

## Third Part Libraries used

[ExoPlayer](https://github.com/google/ExoPlayer)

[Picasso](http://square.github.io/picasso/)

[Firebase Analytics](https://firebase.google.com/products/analytics/)

## Requirements

### Common Project Requirements
- [x] App is written solely in the Java Programming Language
- [x] App utilizes stable release versions of all libraries, Gradle, and Android Studio.

### General App Usage
- [x] App should display recipes from provided network resource.
- [x] App should allow navigation between individual recipes and recipe steps.
- [x] App uses RecyclerView and can handle recipe steps that include videos or images.
- [x] App conforms to common standards found in the Android Nanodegree General Project Guidelines.

### Components and Libraries
- [x] Application uses Master Detail Flow to display recipe steps and navigation between them.
- [x] Application properly initializes and releases video assets when appropriate.
- [x] Application should properly retrieve media assets from the provided network links. It should properly handle network requests.
- [x] Application makes use of Espresso to test aspects of the UI.
- [x] Application sensibly utilizes a third-party library to enhance the app's features. That could be helper library to interface with ContentProviders if you choose to store the recipes, a UI binding library to avoid writing findViewById a bunch of times, or something similar.

### Homescreen Widget
- [x] Application has a companion homescreen widget.
- [x] Widget displays ingredient list for desired recipe.
